Clearer contact section (#2694)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/non-uk-teachers/teach-in-england-if-you-trained-overseas.md

[Read other teachers’ stories](/blog) and research the [English curriculum](https://www.gov.uk/national-curriculum) and [teachers’ standards](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/teachers-standards).

## Contact

> The Department for Education does not administer teacher training courses or appoint teachers, so we cannot help with individual applications to training providers or schools. For help with your application, see [Talk to an adviser](#talk-to-an-adviser).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Department for Education does not administer teacher training courses or appoint teachers, so we cannot help with individual applications to training providers or schools. For help with your application, you can [talk to an adviser](#talk-to-an-adviser).
```
